Change Adagrams example to dominoes example (#17)
Ada-Developers-Academy/independent-ai-topics: debugging-w-chatgpt/debugging-w-chatgpt.md

Reviewer: I saw a small formatting issue I wanted to bring up in case you could tackle it in this PR. 

On line 137 there's a summary for a drop down and the file names (main.py and dog_actions.py) have backtics around them. The tics are showing instead of code formatting since backtics don't seem to work in HTML elements and we need to use the < code >< /code > tags.

As stated before, we can’t wholeheartedly trust everything ChatGPT says. Evaluating a code response from ChatGPT should look pretty similar to evaluating any other information created by a generative AI - we need to look for verifiable pieces of information in the response and use other trustworthy sources to confirm if those pieces of information are true. Check out the lesson “Prompting Basics & Using ChatGPT - Verifying Information from ChatGPT” if you’d like to refresh yourself on strategies for verifying information.

> Let’s say that a student, Althea, is working on a game with a function that draws 7 random domino tiles from a pool. She is debugging an `IndexError` that sometimes appears in their `draw_tiles` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let’s say that a student, Althea, is working on a game with a function that draws 7 random domino tiles from a pool. They are debugging an `IndexError` that sometimes appears in their `draw_tiles` function:
```

Not super important to the content, but through this lesson I used exclusively they/them pronouns for the example student Althea.

Author: I missed this! I'll get it updated!

```
def draw_tiles():
    HAND_SIZE = 7

>     pool = [

Author: I could also make `pool` a list of lists too:
```
pool = [
    [0,0], [0,1]
]
```

Reviewer: I like it as-is using the strings. I think if someone were to play with the example and print the hand, it'd look more like they expect without taking extra steps.
